<link rel="stylesheet" href="styles.css">
type="text/css"

<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">

http://henriksjokvist.net/examples/html5-video/video.m4v




what we know about resilient individuals
----------------------------------------------------
it associates with ceartain personalities and facts, they are more likely to experience positive affects like:

   -happiness,pleasure,scially connected&integrated,joy,new experiences
and they are less likely to experience:
    -anxiety,sadness.moodiness,jealousy,fear

how do we become more resilient(what can promote resilience)
-------------------------------------------
-facing life challenges
-persuing meaning means changing something about our behavior.
   now we're asking ourselves how to change,and it's not easy.
      two things to keep in mind when it comes to behavior change:
                           -slow and gradual change,start small and go easy on urself
                           - compassion , be copssionate to urself. dont be self critical,behave

and when you miss doing sthg or u fail excuse urself,and start again tommorow .



Be compassionate to urself and to others, rebound from failure and enjoy ur accomplishments.



Learning into trials and setbacks builds emotional callouses that help us value what is good in life.
(Stress,mistakes,failure.  We say that failure is not an option.not only failure is an option but it is also required to promote resilience.
Resilience means that you face life’s stress and challenges and you bounce back and recover and doing so you can enrich your life.
To be resilient means you face stresses not eliminate them, you learn from mistake not avoid making them. To be resilient means you rebound from failure. (So any mistakes that I am going to make in this presentation is done in the name of resilience).
If you’re not coping well with the stress and failure it could be judgements to ur health and well being.
What does not seem to promote resilience
Stress: when we want to avoid it,that’s when it comes and hits hard and even more complicated.




















